Ok so here is what I am going to do: 

I'm just miserable right now. There is nothing to do in life. My life has become so hollow and so boring. There is nothing happening other than misery. Like no friends, no family support, no financial support, no mental support, no health support. There is nothing. Just one silver lining is there in everything which holds me as my daughter who is very much happy. Only if I can make her life better that's the only goal but I'm failing it at a big time

From now on since I don't have anything, I will not search for anything. Now onwards I'll just try to do the hardest work. Focus on doing something. We join a gym from tomorrow onwards or not? I don't know. I'm just going to work hard that's it. I don't have any other things which I thought would be helpful, like connecting with friends, watching movies, going out, doing things which can give me some energy and some inspiration. But it seems like that's all null and void because I'm not able to connect anywhere. Even with my wife I'm not able to connect. I don't have any friends, I don't have any groups. There is no one who actually remembers me in this lifetime. Like it's been so bad that fucking no one cares if I'm existing or not.

No one, no one really calls or checks on me. If that's how is your life going. I understand this is some melodramatic- but sometimes in occasions as well, like it's any new occasion, new year or new festivals or anything, there is nothing in my life which I'm looking forward to. Like there is literally nothing. Any festival or any occasion is a curse to me because it just shows me a mirror that I am so bad at anything and everything. Like I can see people laughing and enjoying life but at the same time I see my life and I see that there is just nothing. I just can't comprehend others' lives anymore. I am tired of that. I am tired of understanding and appreciating life and how others are there. The understanding part is literally I am phasing out of it. I'm zoning out of all the admiration I had in life of others around me because there is no one to check.


